[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Hey y'all.
It's Bailey from
Brooklyn and Bailey.
And as you can tell, I'm
trying out my new Texas accent.
And today we also
decided that we
are going to show a nighttime
routine, because everybody's
been asking for them.
And so we decided, hey why not.
Let's do a nighttime
routine, so here we are.
And it's just me today
showing the nighttime routine.
So I think we'll start.
For the first thing we do is
we always pull up our hair,
because when we wash
our face and stuff,
we don't want our hair
getting stuck to our face.
And usually people just
put it into a ponytail.
But I learned that
pulling it into a braid,
and when you sleep on your
hair and it's in a braid,
it keeps it from being damaged.
So I always pull my
hair into a braid
before I wash my face and stuff.
And also, when you
sleep on it, it also
adds texture to your
hair, so when you wake up,
it'll be wavy or curly,
depending on your hairstyle.
So, yeah.
After we've got
our hair pulled up,
me and Brooklyn
usually wash our face
with the St. Ives
apricot scrub because I
know all teenagers have acne.
So I use this.
And it really helped
my face a lot.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hm.
So as you can see, I've got
it all rubbed into my skin,
and you're actually supposed
to let it sit for a while,
so I'm going to brush
my teeth while it sits.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And now I'm going to
wash the face scrub
off now that it's been
sitting for a while.
So after all of the face
scrub is washed off,
I have some acne medicine I have
to take because I'm a teenager,
and it's natural
to get blemishes.
So I have some Tazorac and
a prescriptive medication
that I put on my face
before I go to bed.
And I also have a moisturizer
I have to put on before,
because it does dry out my skin.
And so, yes.
Moisturizer.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So after all of that face stuff,
we'll begin with our eyes.
Now we have really bad eyesight,
so we do wear contacts.
But they are not colored.
They're just for our eyesight.
So we do have bad eyesight,
so our parents have not
gotten us new glasses yet.
So we're hoping for those.
But when I take
my contacts out, I
will act like I'm not very able
to see much, because I'm not.
So we'll begin by
taking them out.
And my case looks like a
glasses case, by the way.
I'll dump out the old water--
I mean solution, actually.
Can you see that?
Just reach in there and grab it.
I can't see anything.
So we've grown out of our
old prescription for glasses,
so my parents really
need to take us in.
Actually, leave a
comment below telling
my mom she needs to take
us in for a new glasses
prescription, because I
can't see anything at all.
Anyways, that's our
video for today.
I hope you guys enjoyed it.
We will see you guys next week.
And wait!
Don't forget to follow us on
Instagram at BrooklynandBailey.
See you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Hey everyone!
We're Brooklyn and Bailey!
That's why our channel's
called BrooklynandBailey!